README.md, before:

# Exchange [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/artsy/exchange.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/artsy/exchange)  [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/artsy/exchange/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/artsy/exchange)
Exchange aspires to be responsible for the various types of e-commerce interactions available on the Artsy platform. It's currently a prototype, with legacy e-commerce still handled by Gravity. It uses Ruby, Rails, Postgresql, and exposes a [GraphQL](http://graphql-ruby.org/) API.

## Meta

* State: development
* Production: https://exchange.artsy.net, [Admin Dashboard](https://exchange.artsy.net/admin) | [Sidekiq Dashboard](https://exchange.artsy.net/admin/sidekiq)
* Staging: https://exchange-staging.artsy.net, [Admin Dashboard](https://exchange-staging.artsy.net/admin) | [Sidekiq Dashboard](https://exchange-staging.artsy.net/admin/sidekiq)
* GitHub: https://github.com/artsy/exchange/
* Point People: [@ashkan18][ashkan18], [@williardx][williardx]


## Deployment
### Staging
PRs merged to `master` are automatically deployed to staging by CI.

### Production
Mention in #dev slack channel that you are going to deploy and then run:
```
hokusai pipeline promote --git-remote upstream
```
Assuming `upstream` points to Artsy's repository.

## Setup

* Fork the project to your GitHub account

* Clone your fork:
  ```
  $ git clone git@github.com:your-github-username/exchange.git
  ```

* Install bundles:
  ```
  $ bundle install
  ```

## Tests

Once setup, you can run the tests like this:

```
$ bundle exec rspec
```

## Starting Server
If this is your first time starting the app, make sure your database is setup first by running:
```shell
rails db:create
rails db:setup
```

```
$ rails s
```

## Did You Change Models?
If you changed something in the `/models` make sure to inform #data (analytics) team about it in case it impacts their reports.

## Did You Change GraphQL Schema?
Metaphysics is the current consumer of Exchange GraphQL schema and keeps a copy of latest schema in https://github.com/artsy/metaphysics/tree/master/src/data, if you have changed Exchange GraphQL schema, make sure you also update the copy of this schema in Metaphysics. In order to do so follow these steps:
1) In exchange run
```shell
rake graphql:schema:idl
```
2) rename `schema.graphql` file generated ☝🏼 to `exchange.graphql`
```shell
mv schema.graphql exchange.graphql
```
3) copy file above to your local update Metaphysics under `src/data` and make a PR to Metaphysics with this change


## Talking to Exchange 🤑
In order to talk to Exchange GraphQL endpoint:
- Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
- Update the `REPLACE_ME` values in the `.env` file. You can reference the values used on staging with `hokusai staging env get`.
- Install `dotenv` by `gem install dotenv`
- Start local server `dotenv rails s`
- If you work at Artsy, get proper Gravity User Token following [these instructions](https://github.com/artsy/gravity/blob/master/doc/ApiAuthentication.md#fetching-a-user-jwt-for-the-target-service) (the client application name is "Exchange Staging").
- Install and run [GraphiQL](https://github.com/skevy/graphiql-app) app `brew cask install graphiql`
- In GraphiQL app, go to http://localhost:3000/api/graphql, you should ge unauthorized error
- Edit HTTP Headers and add `Authorization` header and set it to `Bearer <token>` where `<token>` is your Gravity token generated few steps above.

### Working at Artsy?

#### GraphQL Queries
We share our GraphQL sample queries using [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/) shared workspace. You can import latest queries from [environments_and_requests.json](https://github.com/artsy/potential/tree/master/insomnia)

#### Get Access To Exchange
Access to Exchange Admin is limited to users with the role "Sales Admin". Ask someone with Role Manager permissions to grant your user "Sales Admin" permissions.

### Debugging
Something went wrong? Ideally in the JSON response returned from Exchange there will be enough info to describe what went wrong. In case that was not useful, you can:

1) Check [Sentry](https://sentry.io) (password in 1Pass) and look for Exchange (staging or production) and see the error.
2) Follow exchange logs by doing
```shell
hokusai staging logs -f
```

If you think there is something we could improve in this error case, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/artsy/exchange/issues/new) with details about what you did and what went wrong.


[ashkan18]: https://github.com/ashkan18
[williardx]: https://github.com/williardx

Commit message:

Add Procfile.dev to ease local development
Sarah and I were QA'ing an event sent from a not-yet-deployed version of
exchange to pulse. At some point, we realized that an event wasn't sent
to RabbitMQ because my local sidekiq wasn't running.

* Add a Procfile.dev to make it easier to remember the
system-level dependencies needed to this service.
* Document usage of Procfile.dev in README
* Add `gem install foreman` to bin/setup

README.md, after:

# Exchange [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/artsy/exchange.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/artsy/exchange)  [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/artsy/exchange/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/artsy/exchange)
Exchange aspires to be responsible for the various types of e-commerce interactions available on the Artsy platform. It's currently a prototype, with legacy e-commerce still handled by Gravity. It uses Ruby, Rails, Postgresql, and exposes a [GraphQL](http://graphql-ruby.org/) API.

## Meta

* State: development
* Production: https://exchange.artsy.net, [Admin Dashboard](https://exchange.artsy.net/admin) | [Sidekiq Dashboard](https://exchange.artsy.net/admin/sidekiq)
* Staging: https://exchange-staging.artsy.net, [Admin Dashboard](https://exchange-staging.artsy.net/admin) | [Sidekiq Dashboard](https://exchange-staging.artsy.net/admin/sidekiq)
* GitHub: https://github.com/artsy/exchange/
* Point People: [@ashkan18][ashkan18], [@williardx][williardx]


## Deployment
### Staging
PRs merged to `master` are automatically deployed to staging by CI.

### Production
Mention in #dev slack channel that you are going to deploy and then run:
```
hokusai pipeline promote --git-remote upstream
```
Assuming `upstream` points to Artsy's repository.

## Setup

* Fork the project to your GitHub account

* Clone your fork:
  ```
  $ git clone git@github.com:your-github-username/exchange.git
  ```

* Install bundles:
  ```
  $ bundle install
  ```

## Tests

Once setup, you can run the tests like this:

```
$ bundle exec rspec
```

## Starting Server
If this is your first time starting the app, make sure your database is setup first by running:
```shell
rails db:create
rails db:setup
```

Then run Procfile.dev via foreman to start the web (rails) and worker (sidekiq)
services:

```bash
foreman start -f Procfile.dev
```

## Did You Change Models?
If you changed something in the `/models` make sure to inform #data (analytics) team about it in case it impacts their reports.

## Did You Change GraphQL Schema?
Metaphysics is the current consumer of Exchange GraphQL schema and keeps a copy of latest schema in https://github.com/artsy/metaphysics/tree/master/src/data, if you have changed Exchange GraphQL schema, make sure you also update the copy of this schema in Metaphysics. In order to do so follow these steps:
1) In exchange run
```shell
rake graphql:schema:idl
```
2) rename `schema.graphql` file generated ☝🏼 to `exchange.graphql`
```shell
mv schema.graphql exchange.graphql
```
3) copy file above to your local update Metaphysics under `src/data` and make a PR to Metaphysics with this change


## Talking to Exchange 🤑
In order to talk to Exchange GraphQL endpoint:
- Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
- Update the `REPLACE_ME` values in the `.env` file. You can reference the values used on staging with `hokusai staging env get`.
- Install `dotenv` by `gem install dotenv`
- Start local server `dotenv rails s`
- If you work at Artsy, get proper Gravity User Token following [these instructions](https://github.com/artsy/gravity/blob/master/doc/ApiAuthentication.md#fetching-a-user-jwt-for-the-target-service) (the client application name is "Exchange Staging").
- Install and run [GraphiQL](https://github.com/skevy/graphiql-app) app `brew cask install graphiql`
- In GraphiQL app, go to http://localhost:3000/api/graphql, you should ge unauthorized error
- Edit HTTP Headers and add `Authorization` header and set it to `Bearer <token>` where `<token>` is your Gravity token generated few steps above.

### Working at Artsy?

#### GraphQL Queries
We share our GraphQL sample queries using [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/) shared workspace. You can import latest queries from [environments_and_requests.json](https://github.com/artsy/potential/tree/master/insomnia)

#### Get Access To Exchange
Access to Exchange Admin is limited to users with the role "Sales Admin". Ask someone with Role Manager permissions to grant your user "Sales Admin" permissions.

### Debugging
Something went wrong? Ideally in the JSON response returned from Exchange there will be enough info to describe what went wrong. In case that was not useful, you can:

1) Check [Sentry](https://sentry.io) (password in 1Pass) and look for Exchange (staging or production) and see the error.
2) Follow exchange logs by doing
```shell
hokusai staging logs -f
```

If you think there is something we could improve in this error case, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/artsy/exchange/issues/new) with details about what you did and what went wrong.


[ashkan18]: https://github.com/ashkan18
[williardx]: https://github.com/williardx
